productivity stunning quality superior
technology and a substantially lower
total cost of ownership
there are key differentiators of the
Kodak prosper press platform but they're
just the beginning of what you can
expect the prosper press platform also
delivers outstanding productivity for a
wide range of applications such as book
publishing Direct Mail and catalogs pal
stream technologies high-frequency drop
generator produces over ten times more
drops than current drop on demand
technology this means a single array of
nozzles is used in a single jetting
module to print each color offering
unparalleled principie this speed
combined with its wide format size
results in productivity that is up to 38
percent higher than other solutions our
advanced ink technology combined with
our drying architecture gives customers
a host of benefits including reduced
color to color bleed increased color
gamut and the ability to print on glossy
stocks in fact the prosper press
platform delivers twelve to sixteen
times more reliability for higher-end
coverage jobs when compared to thermal
inkjet what's more the unique design of
the prosper press enables it to handle
substrates from 45 GSM to 300 GSM and
thicknesses up to 13 points roll change
downtime is reduced with autos placing
capability and the prosper press
platform simple paper path shortens the
amount of web travel by up to three
times from infeed to output enabling a
smaller press footprint and reducing
paper waste for controlling the prosper
of press the new Kodak 700 print manager
gives users workflow and functionality
benefits for automated job setup color
management and takes in a wide variety
of data streams further enhancing the
overall productivity and ease of use of
this
put it all together and you've got a
game-changing solution that's
transforming the print industry and the
way you and your customers do business